<!-- Time-stamp: <2012-12-30 00:27:16 leo> -->


REGULUS
=======


Regulus is the name of the system I use to store all the miscellaneous
customization, bash-functions and configuration of my system.  The aim
is to have a proper version control of all of my configuration files
as well as doing some tidying.

I had the idea when I saw the
[sputnik project](https://github.com/sputnik/) started by dell.

The files in this directory are the ones I actually use, i.e. for
instance my `.emacs` file is just a symbolic link to the one at
`~/regulus/emacs/dot_emacs`.


Files currently protected by Regulus
====================================

Bash
----

The configuration of my bash prompt, and the miscellaneous custom
functions I use:

* To have a nice prompt displaying some characteristics of my last
commit if I am in a git repository.
* Easily make scripts executables and copy them somewhere in my $PATH.
* My .bashrc


Emacs configuration
-------------------

My .emacs file and .emacs.d directory. Custom shortcuts, and some
custom functions.


Yell
----

Functions to warn me when a function's execution is finished via a
notification and a sound. Useful when launching time consuming
computations/simulations.

Roadmap
-------

### Description ###

A roadmap is made of some statistics, a todo list and an idea list. It
is generated by a bash script (provided here) from small `items` left
in the text files in a directory and relies *heavily* on emacs'
org-mode.


### Example ###

For instance, suppose you have a file `bar` with the following content
in a directory `foo`:

    Some code
    Some more code
    // !TODO! Fix this part: it needs to be better
    Yet another part of your code
    // !IDEA! Using this function might be better
    
The items enclosed between exclamation marks should have a different colour.
Now, use `cd` to go in `foo` and run the following commands:

    roadmap -n # this one creates an empty roadmap
    roadmap -u # update it

Go back to `bar` and hit `C-d h`: it will take you to the newly
created file which contains a list of TODO items and one of IDEA
items. In each list, the description of each item is given and is a
link to the exact place in the code where it is. Here, that would be:

    ROADMAP

    * Configuration...
    * Items
    ** [/] TODO list
      1. [ ] Fix this part: it needs to be better (foo/bar:3)
    ** [/] IDEA list
      1. [ ] Using this function might be better (foo/bar:5)
    * Statistics...
      
Thus, if you visit the link on `Fix this part`, you will end up with
your cursor at the beginning of line 3 in the file `foo/bar`.

### Bash ###

!TODO! Write the usage of the bash script

### Emacs ###

!TODO! Write a list of the shortcuts and features of the `roadmap` minor-mode.


### Installation ###

You can look at the literate source code of both the bash script and
the emacs minor-mode in the roadmap-implementation.org file. However,
all you need is to put the roadmap.sh script in your path and load
roadmap.el in emacs, for instance by adding the following in your
.emacs:

    (load-file "path/to/roadmap.el")
    
You should be good to go after that. Have fun!


Modifying/Hacking
=================

As you might guess since I put this project on github, feel free (and
further, encouraged) to use it! I would also love to hear your
comments: you can contact me via github or at `leoperrin
[at/arobase] picarresursix.fr`.
